You may have to fight a battle more than once.;Nothing in this world can torment you as much as your own thoughts;Sometimes the worst place you can be at is in your own head;Don't make a permanent decision for your temporary emotion;Some people are going to reject you simply because you shine too bright for them. And that's okay. Keep shining.;You don't have to control your thoughts. You just have to stop letting them control you.;Take your time healing, as long as you want. Nobody else knows what you've been through. How could they know how long it will take to heal you;You can't control everything. Sometimes you just need to relax and have faith that things will work out. Let go a little and just let life happen;My personality disorder doesn't define who I am, it explain it;I know you're tired. I know you're physically and emotionally drained, but you have to keep going;Your feelings are valid;Turn your demons into art, your shadow into a friend, your fear into fuel, your failures into teachers, your weaknesses into reasons to keep fighting. Don't waste your pain. Recycle your heart.;Your mental health is a priority. Your happiness is an essential. Your self-care is a necessity;Recovery is not one and done. It is a lifelong journey that takes place one day, one step at a time.;Sometimes, mental illness is terrifying because you feel like you've lost control of your mind and nothing makes sense. It's like watching yourself on autopilot and having little to no control;I cannot stand the words "Get over it". All of us are under such pressure to put our problems in the past tense. Slow down. Don't allow other to hurry your healing. It is a process, one that may take years, occasionally, even a lifetime - and that's OK;You deserve to heal.;Happiness comes in waves it'll find you again.;Emotional pain is not something that should be hidden away and never spoken about. There is truth in your pain, there is growth in your pain, but only if it’s first brought out into the open;You aren’t the things that haunt you. You aren’t the pain you feel.;You are enough. You have enough. You do enough;You are beautiful because you let yourself feel, and that is a brave thing indeed.;Scars tell the story of where you’ve been, They don’t dictate where you’re going.;Sometimes our own needs and desired must be expressed, even at the expense of shattering the image others have created of us.;Tend to your triggers with love.;Love all the hurt, traumatized, and abandoned parts of yourself. Honoring al of you gives your wholeness a voice.;Self-care is how you take your power back.;It’s not always your mental health that is the problem; sometimes the situation you are in needs to change;Trauma creates changes you don’t choose. Healing is about creating change that you do choose;It’s okay to feel unstable. It’s okay to disassociate. It’s okay to hide from the world. It’s okay to need help. It’s okay not to be okay. Your mental illness is not a personal failure.;On particularly rough days when I’m sure I can’t possibly endure, I like to remind myself that my track record for getting through bad days so far, is 100% and that’s pretty good.;